Rango was born into a massive family, the second oldest of 6.  His family was not highly educated, but his ancestors had owned vast swaths of land, and most of his family had stuck around to manage the family land.  Growing up he competed with his siblings, dozens of cousins, and perhaps hundreds of distant relatives;  The school in the nearby town was nearly 20% filled with members of his family.

As a teenager he realized, the vast lands of his family could't be subdivided among the ever increasing members of the youngest generation much longer.  Already the land which had kept his parents in luxury would be barely more than a modest living for him and his siblings, and he would leave his children with barely anything.  Not knowing anything of the scholarly or mystical walks of life, he decided to pick up a trade in order to ensure his station in life.

At 15 years of age he signed on as an apprentice with the local tailor.  His mentor believed in discipline and order, and this was imprinted on Rango.  He learned as much as there was to know about tailoring.  Weaving, spinning, and rope-making also interested him, and after years of training he was an expert in the fibrous arts.  He planned to set up shop in a smaller town an hour away from his hometown.  He knew that his mentor would see it as a betrayal if he were to open a competing shop.

Unfortunately, the only town nearby enough to travel to daily wasn't nearly as affluent as his hometown.  Most of the population was orcs, and business wasn't good.  The orcs seemed unconcerned with their appearance, for the most part.  He realized the need to defend himself, and gradually became more cautious, and better armed.  He slowly developed a hatred for the Orcs, all of them were so ugly, so stupid, and so uncivilized.

After many years, Rango grew tired of his life.  Dealing constantly with people he hated at work, and at home his family had outgrown their means and had begun to suable.  The best parts of his day were the ride into work.  He was an accomplished horseman, and sometimes an orc would try to hold him up and give him some excitement.  He had become nearly as good with a sword as he was a tailor.

He decided that in order to seek greater fortune, he would have to leave his family, his town, and his business.  He left his lands in the trust of his younger sister, the only one of his siblings that was trustworthy.  Times had been hard for his family, and the bonds that held them so close together once had given way to infighting and backstabbing.  He knew that as the most skilled warrior in his family, he would become in something ugly if he stayed much longer.

His very first proper mercenary job went about as poorly as possible.  He found a crown that surely would be worth enough to put at least his immediate family, the only people he cared for, back into the seat of luxury.  The moment he put it on his head, a wave of something washed through him.  Like an odd remorse, he suddenly realized the total cost of his life on others. The suffering he had caused his family, by being absent, the pain his parents felt at slowly seeing him become unenchanted with a simple and earnest living.  He felt the disappointment of his mentor, how the world was changing and the old skills and tenants would never serve anyone well enough again.  He felt the torturous agony of the souls he had ended; the people he had murdered, The countless subhuman orcs.  All of his fondest memories were instantly tarnished.  He felt simultaneously significant, and small.

He heard a whisper in his head, then several, all of them fearful.  He felt the souls of those that he had killed, even those that were too afraid to whisper.  He realized how their sacrifice had made him feel alive, and how their death had brought him fortune.  Barely a murmur, all the people he had trampled in order to elevate himself, so quiet.  He wished they were louder.

The moment the thought crossed his mind a new voice rang out.  It was louder than anything, louder than the whisper, louder than himself.  It was clear, and projecting, and powerful.

"You've found my crown"
